New "About" category with SLA page (#43)
temporalio/documentation-legacy: docs/docs-sla.md

---
id: docs-sla
title: Documentation SLA
---

> This documentation set and all of its components, such as page urls, content, and design, is subject to change at any time.

Reviewer: I think this is very ambiguously worded. What is a "documentation set"? I would try rephrase this in a less "legal" way ie:

We are constantly working to improve and expand our documentation. There is no guarantee that links will remain active after the documentation is revised. ....

Author: I revamped the tone and context of all this content - LMK what you think.

Visit [community.temporal.io](https://community.temporal.io) for help if the information you are looking for appears to be missing.

> View the [source repository README](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation-legacy) for contribution guidelines if you wish to make changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel like helping improve the Temporal docs experience? Visit [source repository README](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation-legacy) to see our contribution guidelines.
```

---
id: docs-sla
title: Documentation SLA
---

> Temporal is constantly working to improve and expand its documentation. As a result, some components may change without notice. Page slugs (URLs), menu labels, and the location of information are a few of the items you can expect to see altered as we aim to try and give our users the best experience possible.

Reviewer: This is exactly what I wanted. Thank you

> [Documentation versions](https://docs.temporal.io/versions) are used to preserve changes to user facing content, which enables users to reference older material.

Reviewer: I think I would remove one use of the word "users"
